d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Form1.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe.config
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 6\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe.config
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Form1.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 7\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Form1.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe.config
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 8\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe.config
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\bin\Debug\Affine.pdb
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Form1.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.exe
d:\Users\stety\Desktop\Компьютерная графика лабы\Lab 9\Affine\Affine\obj\Debug\Affine.pdb
